Add note to release notes about binary names (#1176)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.2/release-notes.md

### Changes to Sensu Go {#5.2.0-changes}

**IMPORTANT:**

> - Due to changes in the release process, Sensu binaries are now named `sensu-enterprise-go_5.2.0_os_arch.tar.gz` and include all files in the top level directory. See the [installation guide][16] for the latest download links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to changes in the release process, Sensu binary-only archives are now named following the pattern `sensu-enterprise-go_5.2.0_$OS_$ARCH.tar.gz`, where $OS is the operating system name and $ARCH is the CPU architecture. These archives include all files in the top level directory. See the [installation guide][16] for the latest download links.
```
